Category.Healthy eating:
------------------------
1. What does healthy eating mean to you? 
Less Mean, less staurated fat, less sugar. More fruits & vegetable


2. How important is it to you?

My family & i think it is important and we should eat healthily. However practice is another matter; convenience. A lot in the media these days... and we are fixated about what we look like, 
and influenced by the media.


3. Roughly how often would you say you eat healthily per week?

Lunch salads 3 - 4 times a week. How 

4. What stops you from practicing healthy eating the majority of the time?

Thinks about more and more often, not the case 10 years ago. Try to avoid excess. Similar to climate change it is so vague and genral and we think someone should deal with this in a general way. Small scale personal changes so i try to have salad lunch time more days than previously. Incremental
Cost not an issue to him as it is not a major component in his budget / household expenditure. He is influenced by other people (like vegetarian daughters) and his political persuation - greens.
Difficulty in finding great restaurant that serve say vegeterrian food.

Category.Shopping Habbits:
--------------------------
5. How do you buy food?
Supermarket and majority from Ocado (Convenience)


6. How frequent do you shop for food?
Big shop 2 times a month (Ocado)


7. What would your typical food shopping consist of and what proportion of items is what you set out to want?
Fruit and vegs mainly - but less carbohydrates.
Chicken
Less red meat
Healthy eating guides their choice of what they order from restaurants.


Category.Planning:
------------------
8. What determines how you plan your food shopping? How do you plan your shopping? 



9. How do you know if food is healthy?
Calory counts in restaurants
Labels in packaing
Guiding by press - obesity, refined process food.
COMMON SENSE lessons of childhood.


10. Where do you get food recipes from?
Mainly online and books
Not quite keen on packaged recipes as difficult to check salt content, contaminated recipes.




